now the BBC has heard more accounts of
atrocities committed by Hamas gunmen who
Rampage through Jewish communities in
southern Israel on Saturday one of the
most shocking massacres took place in
the village of kar Aza our correspondent
Nick beak went to meet one of the
survivors who says the crimes they
witnessed justifies a fullscale Israeli
ground offensive into Gaza and a warning
that Nick's report contains details some
viewers may find
upsetting we them shooting people shoo
in kids and the people tell them please
no please
no they are the survivors 22-year-old
Neta and her boyfriend Santiago escaped
from hamas's massacre in their
Village she was shot six times in the
legs we start to to
ear gunshots for all the they
start one apartment to one apartment to
one apartment start to break the windows
break the doors and start to shoot you
sounds people
screaming The Killers filmed themselves
on the
loose murdering dozens in the Jewish
community of far
AA trapped in her home with no Israeli
Army to be seen Netta realized the only
person who could save her was her dad
who she hadn't spoken to in six years
hiding staying
silent she managed to message him they
are close she wrote lock the doors her
dad replies please answer
please but the gunman found them they
started to shoot like not like with
nothing
I fell down on the ground and I tell in
Santiago scream on me Neta please stand
up start to run if you don't stand up
we're going to die we're going to die
hiding under a pile of rubbish she
texted her dad again Dad they shot me
help I'm coming he replies when she text
me that they shut her and she didn't
answer to me my heart stops and my brain
start to work you know I was
mad when Shaman a plane closed policeman
arrived at the Village he came under
attack I took my gun and they start to
shoot at me I shot at them I don't know
if I HTE him or not and four people get
from the houses over there and with the
AK-47 start to shoot
me eventually Shimon found Neta near
their burnt out home and took them to
safety leaving behind many bod IES Neta
says Israel must Now respond in the
strongest possible
way I don't want the Hamas anymore in my
life they need destroy them one by
one they come to kill
us have you been thinking about what may
happen to civilians in Gaza if there is
a big ground operation by the Israeli
military there
I speaking all what I said it's for the
Jihad and the Hamas I don't my country
didn't want to hurt the
civilians I want they be
save I don't think they need to died
like I don't need to died they like
me but civilians are being killed in
this war in ever increasing numbers Nick
beak BBC News Tel
Aviv